[Music]
eleven simple things all successful
people do every new person you meet may
have a huge impact on you you never know
in advance what roles they will play
during your life what if that guy or
girl you met yesterday will be with you
for the rest of your life what if that
business meeting tomorrow will be a
turning point in your career what should
you know before you meet a person how
should you behave here is a list of 11
things you should do to be successful at
making new friends and acquaintances
number 11 do a thorough research about
the person you were going to meet
successful people never neglect this
preparation stage you don't need to
spend a lot of money on a private
detective
just find the person's page on Facebook
and look through it it's likely that
you'll find some information about his
or her professional experience hobbies
and personal interests you have probably
heard before that when going to a job
interview you should be well aware of
the company you want to work for for
example how long has it been on the
market and other things like that people
are no different
number ten prepare for the context of
the meeting there are many kinds of
meetings it can be your first date a job
interview a meeting with your child's
school teacher of course you should be
prepared differently for every kind
think about what questions you might ask
to avoid a moment of awkward silence
with a woman you are planning to see for
a cup of coffee imagine how you will
answer the famous where do you see
yourself in 10 years question talking to
an HR specialist plan an elaborate
excuse why your son missed the physical
education class don't forget that there
are always many various opinions on the
same topics try to imagine what motives
the person you are going to meet might
have the more information you have the
better number-9 learn people's names and
use them Dale Carnegie wrote to recall a
voters name is statesmanship to forget
is oblivion this might sound like an
obvious piece of advice but you can't
even imagine how powerful the effect is
that names have on us in sales it's
essential to learn a buyer's name and
use it a few times during the
conversation it elicits an emotional
response that is very important in
building a fruitful relationship
research has shown that using people's
names in a conversation helps grab their
attention another powerful move which
you should be careful with is asking
which form of a person's name you can
use for example Michael can be Mike so
to make your meetings feel less formal
you can ask can I call you Mike Frank
Underwood from house of cards uses this
trick very often and he is a hell of a
negotiator if a person's name is very
unusual it's okay to ask them to repeat
it make sure you pronounce it correctly
number eight remember that nobody feels
relaxed very few people can feel
comfortable when talking to new people
everybody is worried about how they look
and what they say don't forget that the
person you've just met is also just a
person he or she is most likely pretty
anxious to keep it in mind and the
conversation will go much smoother
number seven be friendly and confident
smile this is the best course of action
if your smile looks sincere use it a
fake smile is usually the one when your
lips are smiling and your eyes aren't
practice a little infront of the mirror
and once you believe yourself you are
ready to go but remember a fake smile is
worse than no smile at all don't try to
build trust with lies look the person in
the eye avoiding eye contact makes a
terrible impression the person might
think you are lying or hiding something
however don't keep the eye contact
constantly you don't want to look like a
weirdo right take cultural differences
into account in some countries eye
contact may be a rude thing for example
in Japan it leads to uncomfortableness
and can even be seen as disrespectful
like we said before research in advance
is essential number six
watch your posture
your posture can tell a lot about
yourself to other people don't stoop if
you don't want to look like a loser hold
your back straight that way you'll look
self-assured and open keep your hands in
the person's sight
don't put them into your pockets or hide
them behind your back
have you noticed American presidents
waving the right hand when getting out
of the plane
this gesture shows that you are
completely open and you have nothing to
hide
[Music]
number five focus on your body language
use your hands when talking gestures
help to relax your memory because they
kind of do part of the talking don't
cross your legs or hands this might
indicate that you're insecure which of
course you aren't number four take care
of your appearance the most important
rule is always to stay yourself if you
don't feel comfortable wearing suits
then don't put them on you don't want to
think about your outfit during the
conversation it's not necessary to
follow all fashion trends and grow
yourself a beard or do some fancy makeup
just make sure your clothes are clean
and neat be extra careful with perfume
the smell may not seem nice to other
people or may even make them allergic so
it's better not to use any perfume at
all number three never show off whatever
situation you are in
whoever you are meeting never show off
after all you're not Tony Stark even if
you have a lot to tell about how much
money you have or where you go on
vacations keep this information to
yourself and only share it if you are
asked directly number two pay attention
to the person's interests
show your deepest interest in what the
person is telling you even if it's the
most boring thing you've ever heard
listen attentively don't interrupt and
ask questions isn't it nice to realize
that someone is interested in what you
are talking about if you have to
disagree with the person's opinion the
first thing you should do is agree well
not entirely of course you should wait
until the person finishes explaining his
or her point of view and then say yes
this opinion is very popular and I
understand why you share it but I think
this way you will sound very polite next
time somebody calls you to offer you a
credit card note how they speak when you
tell them that you're not interested
they respond that they understand you
your risks and concerns but and then
they tell you what they really think
number one finish the conversation
correctly do not interrupt the person in
mid-sentence let them finish after that
come up with a good reason why you need
to leave now don't let the person think
that you were leaving because you are
bored smile and say that you had
pleasure meeting them say that you hope
to see them again don't forget to like
and share this video join us on the
bright side of life
[Music]